>> New documentary.
>> If you really want
a humanized birth,
the best thing to do is to
get out of the hospital.
>> Are we benefiting
mothers and babies or not?
>> This week on Gaia.
>> The gist of all the studies
are that home birth is safe
and they've set guidelines by
which you have to determine
whether or not a person
is a good candidate.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> What's happened is we're
listening to the world
as opposed to
listening to ourselves.
And it creates a deafness
to be able to actually hear
what is going on outside.
There's so much
noise in the world.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> We're at this time period
where sovereignty is also
a multi-dimensional experience
of realizing that we are these
divine beings, remembering
our true nature.
>> New series.
>> Why were they here
since those remote times?
Who created them?
Who controls them?
And why were they sent to Earth?
>> On Deep Space.
They don't see humans.
They see Earth, thinking,
trying to figure out
who the planet is.
They are just guiding us,
not trying to control us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Only on Gaia.